---
title: Notificação de Violação do Azure e do Dynamics 365 no GDPR
description: Como o Azure e o Dynamics 365 protegem contra a violação de dados pessoais e como a Microsoft responderá e notificará se ocorrer uma violação.
keywords: Azure, Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365, documentação da Microsoft 365, GDPR
localization_priority: Priority
ms.prod: microsoft-365-enterprise
ms.topic: article
f1.keywords:
- NOCSH
ms.author: robmazz
author: robmazz
manager: laurawi
audience: itpro
ms.collection:
- GDPR
- M365-security-compliance
titleSuffix: Microsoft GDPR
ms.openlocfilehash: 0cdd3a2d8e158800cef534a1488df0f25e3d232f
ms.sourcegitcommit: d7975c391e03eeb96e29c1d02e77d2a1433ea67c
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: pt-BR
ms.lasthandoff: 11/05/2020
ms.locfileid: "48920253"
---
# <a name="azure-and-dynamics-365-breach-notification-under-the-gdpr"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-104">Notificação de Violação do Azure e do Dynamics 365 no GDPR</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-104">Azure and Dynamics 365 breach notification under the GDPR</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p101">O Microsoft Azure leva a sério as suas obrigações estabelecidas pelo Regulamento Geral sobre a Proteção de Dados (RGPD). O Microsoft Azure implanta medidas de segurança amplas para evitar violações de dados. Entre essas medidas, podemos citar controles de segurança físicos e lógicos, bem como processos de segurança automáticos, abrangentes políticas de privacidade e segurança das informações e treinamento sobre privacidade para todos os funcionários.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p101">Microsoft Azure takes its obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) seriously. Microsoft Azure takes extensive security measures to protect against data breaches. These include both physical and logical security controls, as well as automated security processes, comprehensive information security and privacy policies, and security and privacy training for all personnel.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p102">A segurança está integrada ao Microsoft Azure desde o início, começando com o [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), um processo de desenvolvimento obrigatório que incorpora metodologias de privacidade por design e privacidade por padrão. O princípio básico da estratégia de segurança da Microsoft é a "suposição de violação", extensão da estratégia de defesa profunda. Ao desafiar constantemente os recursos de segurança do Azure, a Microsoft permanece à frente das ameaças emergentes. Para saber mais sobre a segurança do Azure, veja esses [recursos](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/security/azure-security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p102">Security is built into Microsoft Azure from the ground up, starting with the [Security Development Lifecycle](https://www.microsoft.com/sdl/), a mandatory development process that incorporates privacy-by-design and privacy-by-default methodologies. The guiding principle of Microsoft's security strategy is to 'assume breach,' which is an extension of the defense-in-depth strategy. By constantly challenging the security capabilities of Azure, Microsoft can stay ahead of emerging threats. For more information on Azure security, please review these [resources](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/security/azure-security).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p103">A Microsoft tem um serviço de resposta a incidentes global, 24 horas por dia, 7 dias por semana, que funciona para minimizar os efeitos de ataques ao Microsoft Azure. Certificado por várias auditorias de segurança e conformidade (por exemplo, [ISO/IEC 27018](offering-iso-27018.md)), a Microsoft emprega operações e processos rigorosos em seus datacenters para impedir o acesso não autorizado, incluindo o monitoramento de vídeo 24 horas por dia, 7 dias por semana, funcionários de segurança treinados, cartões inteligentes e controles biométricos.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p103">Microsoft has a global, 24x7 incident response service that works to mitigate the effects of attacks against Microsoft Azure. Attested by multiple security and compliance audits (e.g. [ISO/IEC 27018](offering-iso-27018.md)), Microsoft employs rigorous operations and processes at its data centers to prevent unauthorized access, including 24x7 video monitoring, trained security personnel, smart cards, and biometric controls.</span></span>

## <a name="detection-of-potential-breaches"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-114">Detecção de possíveis violações</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-114">Detection of potential breaches</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p104">Due to the nature of modern cloud computing, not all data breaches occurring in a customer cloud environment involve Microsoft Azure services. Microsoft employs a shared responsibility model for Azure services to define security and operational accountabilities. Shared responsibility is important when discussing security of a cloud service, because both the cloud services provider and the customer are accountable for portions of cloud security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p104">Due to the nature of modern cloud computing, not all data breaches occurring in a customer cloud environment involve Microsoft Azure services. Microsoft employs a shared responsibility model for Azure services to define security and operational accountabilities. Shared responsibility is important when discussing security of a cloud service, because both the cloud services provider and the customer are accountable for portions of cloud security.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-118">Microsoft does not monitor for or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-118">Microsoft does not monitor for or respond to security incidents within the customer's realm of responsibility.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-119">A customer-only security compromise would not be processed as an Azure security incident and would require the customer tenant to manage the response effort.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-119">A customer-only security compromise would not be processed as an Azure security incident and would require the customer tenant to manage the response effort.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-120">Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Microsoft Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-120">Customer incident response may involve collaboration with Microsoft Azure [customer support](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/options/), given appropriate service contracts.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-121">O Microsoft Azure também oferece vários serviços (por exemplo, [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) que os clientes podem usar para desenvolver e gerenciar respostas a incidentes de segurança.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-121">Microsoft Azure also offers various services (e.g., [Azure Defender](https://azure.microsoft.com/services/security-center/)) that customers can utilize for developing and managing security incident response.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p106">O Azure responde a uma possível violação de dados de acordo com o processo de resposta a incidentes de segurança, que é um subconjunto do plano de gerenciamento de incidentes do Microsoft Azure. A resposta a incidentes de segurança do Azure é implementada usando um processo de cinco etapas: Detecção, Avaliação, Diagnóstico, Estabilização e Fechamento. A Equipe de Resposta a Incidentes de Segurança pode alternar entre as etapas de diagnóstico e estabilização conforme o andamento de investigação. Vejamos abaixo um panorama do processo de resposta a incidentes de segurança:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p106">Azure responds to a potential data breach according to the security incident response process, which is a subset of the Microsoft Azure incident management plan. Azure's security incident response is implemented using a five-stage process: Detect, Assess, Diagnose, Stabilize, and Close. The Security Incident Response Team may alternate between the diagnose and stabilize stages as the investigation progresses. An overview of the security incident response process is below:</span></span>

|<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-126">**Stage**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-126">**Stage**</span></span>|<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-127">**Descrição**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-127">**Description**</span></span>|
| ------- | ------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-128">\**_1 — Detecção_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-128">\**_1 — Detect_* _</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-129">Primeira indício de um possível incidente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-129">First indication of a potential incident.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-130">_*_2 - Avaliação_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-130">_*_2 — Assess_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p107">Um membro de plantão da equipe de resposta a incidentes avalia o impacto e a gravidade do evento. Com base em evidências, a avaliação pode ou não resultar num escalonamento à equipe de resposta de segurança.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p107">An on-call incident response team member assesses the impact and severity of the event. Based on evidence, the assessment may or may not result in further escalation to the security response team.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-133">_*_3 — Diagnóstico_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-133">_*_3 — Diagnose_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p108">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p108">Security response experts conduct the technical or forensic investigation, identify containment, mitigation, and workaround strategies. If the security team believes that customer data may have become exposed to an unlawful or unauthorized individual, execution of the Customer Incident Notification process begins in parallel.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-136">_*_4 - Estabilização e Recuperação_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-136">_*_4 — Stabilize and Recover_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p109">A equipe de resposta a incidentes cria um plano de recuperação para atenuar o problema. As etapas de contenção de crise, como colocar em quarentena os sistemas afetados, podem ocorrer imediatamente e em paralelo com o diagnóstico. As atenuações de longo prazo podem ser planejadas, e ocorrer após o risco imediato ter passado.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p109">The incident response team creates a recovery plan to mitigate the issue. Crisis containment steps such as quarantining impacted systems may occur immediately and in parallel with diagnosis. Longer term mitigations may be planned which occur after the immediate risk has passed.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-140">_*_5 - Fechamento e Post-mortem_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-140">_*_5 — Close and Post-mortem_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-141">A equipe de resposta a incidentes cria um post-mortem que descreve os detalhes do incidente, com a intenção de revisar políticas, procedimentos e processos para evitar a recorrência do evento.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-141">The incident response team creates a post-mortem that outlines the details of the incident, with the intention to revise policies, procedures, and processes to prevent a recurrence of the event.</span></span> |

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-142">O white paper [Resposta de segurança do Microsoft Azure na nuvem](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Azure-Security-Response-in-dd18c678) apresenta mais detalhes sobre como a Microsoft investiga, gerencia e responde a incidentes de segurança no Azure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-142">The [Microsoft Azure Security Response in the Cloud](https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/Azure-Security-Response-in-dd18c678) white paper further details how Microsoft investigates, manages, and responds to security incidents within Azure.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p110">Os processos de detecção usados pelo Microsoft Azure foram projetados para detectar eventos que põem em risco a confidencialidade, a integridade e a disponibilidade dos serviços do Azure. Vários eventos podem provocar o início de uma investigação:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p110">The detection processes used by Microsoft Azure are designed to discover events that risk the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of Azure services. Several events can trigger an investigation:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p111">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p111">Automated system alerts via internal monitoring and alerting frameworks. These alerts could come in the way of signature-based alarms such as anti-malware, intrusion detection or via algorithms designed to profile expected activity and alert upon anomalies.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-147">Relatórios internos dos Serviços da Microsoft em execução no Microsoft Azure e no Azure Governamental.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-147">First party reports from Microsoft Services running on Microsoft Azure and Azure Government.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p112">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p112">Security vulnerabilities are reported to the [Microsoft Security Response Center (MSRC)](https://technet.microsoft.com/security/dn440717) via [secure@microsoft.com](mailto:secure@microsoft.com). MSRC works with partners and security researchers around the world to help prevent security incidents and to advance Microsoft product security.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-150">Relatórios de cliente via [Portal de suporte ao cliente](https://www.windowsazure.com/support/contact/) ou via Portal de Gerenciamento do Azure Governamental ou do Microsoft Azure, que descrevem as atividades suspeitas atribuídas à infraestrutura do Azure (em vez das atividades que ocorrem dentro do escopo de responsabilidade do cliente).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-150">Customer reports via the [Customer Support Portal](https://www.windowsazure.com/support/contact/) or Microsoft Azure and Azure Government Management Portal, that describe suspicious activity attributed to the Azure infrastructure (as opposed to activity occurring within the customer's scope of responsibility).</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p113">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team's activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p113">Security [Red Team and Blue Team](https://azure.microsoft.com/blog/red-teaming-using-cutting-edge-threat-simulation-to-harden-the-microsoft-enterprise-cloud/) activity. This strategy uses a highly skilled Red Team of offensive Microsoft security experts to uncover and attack potential weaknesses in Azure. The security response Blue Team must detect and defend against the Red Team's activity. Both Red and Blue Team actions are used to verify that Azure security response efforts are effectively managing security incidents. Security Red Team and Blue Team activities are operated under rules of engagement to help ensure the protection of customer data.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p114">Escalonamentos por operadores de Serviços do Azure. Os funcionários da Microsoft fazem treinamentos para identificar e escalonar possíveis problemas de segurança.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p114">Escalations by operators of Azure Services. Microsoft employees are trained to identify and escalate potential security issues.</span></span>

## <a name="azures-data-breach-response"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-158">Resposta à violação de dados do Azure</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-158">Azure's data breach response</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p115">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p115">Microsoft assigns the investigation appropriate priority and severity levels by determining the functional impact, recoverability, and information impact of the incident. Both the priority and severity may change over the course of the investigation, based on new findings and conclusions. Security events involving imminent or confirmed risk to customer data are treated as high severity and worked around the clock to resolution.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-162">O Microsoft Azure categoriza o impacto das informações do incidente nas seguintes categorias de violação:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-162">Microsoft Azure categorizes the information impact of the incident into the following breach categories:</span></span>

| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-163">_ *Categoria*\*</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-163">_ *Category*\*</span></span>             | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-164">**Definição**</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-164">**Definition**</span></span>                                                                                                                   |
| ------------------------ | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-165">\**_Nenhum_* _</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-165">\**_None_* _</span></span>               | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-166">Nenhuma informação foi vazada, alterada, excluída ou comprometida de outra forma.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-166">No information was exfiltrated, changed, deleted, or otherwise compromised.</span></span>                                                      |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-167">_*_Violação de Privacidade_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-167">_*_Privacy Breach_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-168">Dados pessoais confidenciais de contribuintes tributários, funcionários, beneficiários, etc. foram acessados ou vazados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-168">Sensitive personal data of taxpayers, employees, beneficiaries, etc. was accessed or exfiltrated.</span></span>                                |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-169">_*_Violação Proprietária_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-169">_*_Proprietary Breach_*_</span></span> | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-170">Informações confidenciais não classificadas, como informações de infraestrutura crítica protegida (PCII), foram acessadas ou vazadas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-170">Unclassified proprietary information, such as protected critical infrastructure information (PCII), was accessed or exfiltrated.</span></span> |
| <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-171">_*_Perda de Integridade_*_</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-171">_*_Integrity Loss_*_</span></span>     | <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-172">Informações confidenciais ou proprietárias foram alteradas ou excluídas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-172">Sensitive or proprietary information was changed or deleted.</span></span>                                                                     |

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p116">A Equipe de Resposta de Segurança trabalha com os engenheiros de segurança do Microsoft Azure e Especialistas no Assunto (EAs) para classificar o evento com base em dados concretos das evidências. Um evento de segurança pode ser classificado como:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p116">The Security Response Team works with Microsoft Azure Security Engineers and SMEs to classify the event based on factual data from the evidence. A security event may be classified as:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p117">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team identifies the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way using detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p117">_\*False Positive\*\*: An event that meets detection criteria but is found to be part of a normal business practice and may need to be filtered. The service team identifies the root cause for false positives and will address them in a systematic way using detection sources and fine-tuning them as needed.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-177">**Incidente de Segurança** : Um incidente em que houve acesso criminoso aos Dados do Cliente ou Dados de Suporte armazenados em equipamentos ou instalações da Microsoft, ou acesso não autorizado a tais equipamentos ou instalações resultando na perda, divulgação ou alteração dos Dados do Cliente ou Dados de Suporte.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-177">**Security Incident** : An incident where unlawful access to any Customer Data or Support Data stored on Microsoft's equipment or in Microsoft's facilities, or unauthorized access to such equipment or facilities resulting in loss, disclosure, or alteration of Customer Data or Support Data has occurred.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-178">**Incidente de Segurança Relatado pelo Cliente (CRSPI)** : Um acesso ilegal ou não autorizado ou o uso de sistemas, equipamentos ou recursos da Microsoft que resultem em divulgação, modificação ou perda de dados de clientes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-178">**Customer Reportable Security/Privacy Incident (CRSPI)** : An unlawful or unauthorized access to or use of Microsoft's systems, equipment, or facilities resulting in disclosure, modification, or loss of customer data.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p118">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p118">**Privacy Breach** : A subtype of Security Incident involving personal data. Handling procedures are no different than a security incident.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p119">For a CRSPI to be declared, Microsoft must determine that unauthorized access to customer data has or has likely occurred and/or that there is a legal or contractual commitment that notification must occur. It is desired, but not required, that specific customer impact, resource access, and repair steps be known. An incident is generally declared a CRSPI after the conclusion of the Diagnose stage of a security incident. However, the declaration may happen at any point that all pertinent information is available. The security incident manager must establish evidence beyond reasonable doubt that a reportable event has occurred to begin execution of the Customer Incident Notification Process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p119">For a CRSPI to be declared, Microsoft must determine that unauthorized access to customer data has or has likely occurred and/or that there is a legal or contractual commitment that notification must occur. It is desired, but not required, that specific customer impact, resource access, and repair steps be known. An incident is generally declared a CRSPI after the conclusion of the Diagnose stage of a security incident. However, the declaration may happen at any point that all pertinent information is available. The security incident manager must establish evidence beyond reasonable doubt that a reportable event has occurred to begin execution of the Customer Incident Notification Process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p120">Durante a investigação, a equipe de resposta de segurança trabalha com consultores jurídicos globais para ajudar a garantir que a análise forense seja executada de acordo com as obrigações e compromissos legais para com os clientes. Também há restrições significativas sobre a visualização e o tratamento de sistemas e dados do cliente em diversos ambientes operacionais. Dados confidenciais ou sensíveis, bem como dados do cliente não são transferidos do ambiente de produção sem a expressa aprovação por escrito do Gerente de Incidentes registrado no tíquete de incidente correspondente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p120">Throughout the investigation, the security response team works closely with global legal advisors to help ensure that forensics are performed in accordance with legal obligations and commitments to customers. There are also significant restrictions on system and customer data viewing and handling in various operating environments. Sensitive or confidential data, as well as Customer Data, are not transferred out of the production environment without explicit written approval from the Incident Manager recorded in the corresponding incident ticket.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p121">A Microsoft confirma que o risco à empresa e ao cliente foi suprimido com êxito e que foram implementadas medidas corretivas. Se necessário, realizam-se etapas de atenuação emergenciais para resolver riscos de segurança imediatos associados ao evento.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p121">Microsoft verifies that customer and business risk is successfully contained, and that corrective measures are implemented. If necessary, emergency mitigation steps to resolve immediate security risks associated with the event are taken.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p122">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of Azure's routine audit cycle.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p122">Microsoft also completes an internal post-mortem for data breaches. As a part of this exercise, sufficiency of response and operating procedures are evaluated, and any updates that may be necessary to the Security Incident Response SOP or related processes are identified and implemented. Internal postmortems for data breaches are highly confidential records not available to customers. Postmortems may, however, be summarized and included in other customer event notifications. These reports are provided to external auditors for review as part of Azure's routine audit cycle.</span></span>

## <a name="customer-notification"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-196">Notificação de cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-196">Customer notification</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p123">O Microsoft Azure notifica os clientes e as autoridades regulamentadoras sobre as violações de dados, conforme necessário. A Microsoft conta com uma pesada compartimentalização interna na operação do Azure. Os logs de fluxo de dados também são robustos. Como benefício desse design, a maioria das ocorrências pode estar limitada a clientes específicos. O objetivo é fornecer aos clientes afetados um aviso preciso, acionável e oportuno quando da violação dos seus dados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p123">Microsoft Azure notifies customers and regulatory authorities of data breaches as required. Microsoft relies on heavy internal compartmentalization in the operation of Azure. Data flow logs are also robust. As a benefit of this design, most incidents can be scoped to specific customers. The goal is to provide impacted customers with an accurate, actionable, and timely notice when their data has been breached.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p124">After the declaration of a CRSPI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach *except* in the following circumstances:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p124">After the declaration of a CRSPI, the notification process takes place as expeditiously as possible while still considering the security risks of moving quickly. Generally, the process of drafting notifications occurs as the incident investigation is ongoing. Customer notices are delivered in no more than 72 hours from the time we declared a breach *except* in the following circumstances:</span></span>

- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p125">Microsoft believes that the act of performing a notification increases the risk to other customers. For example, the act of notifying may tip off an adversary causing an inability to remediate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p125">Microsoft believes that the act of performing a notification increases the risk to other customers. For example, the act of notifying may tip off an adversary causing an inability to remediate.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-207">Outras circunstâncias extremas ou incomuns investigadas pelo departamento jurídico da Microsoft, o Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) e pelo Gerente de Incidentes Executivo.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-207">Other unusual or extreme circumstances vetted by Microsoft's legal department Corporate External and Legal Affairs (CELA) and the Executive Incident Manager.</span></span>
- <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p126">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These are provided to customers and regulatory authorities as the investigation proceeds.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p126">The 72-hour timeline may leave some incident details available. These are provided to customers and regulatory authorities as the investigation proceeds.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-210">O Microsoft Azure fornece aos clientes informações detalhadas permitindo que executem investigações internas e ajudando-os a atender os compromissos com o usuário final, sem atrasar o processo de notificação.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-210">Microsoft Azure provides customers with detailed information enabling them to perform internal investigations and assisting them in meeting end-user commitments, while not unduly delaying the notification process.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p127">A notificação de uma violação de dados pessoais será enviada ao cliente da forma escolhida pela Microsoft, inclusive por email. A notificação de uma violação de dados será enviada à lista de contatos de segurança fornecida no Azure Defender, que pode ser configurada seguindo-se as [diretrizes de implementação](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details). Se não houver informações de contato na Azure Defender, a notificação será enviada a um ou mais administradores em uma assinatura do Azure. Para garantir que a notificação possa ser entregue, é responsabilidade do cliente garantir que as informações do contato administrativo em cada assinatura aplicável e portal de serviços online estejam corretas.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p127">Notification of a personal data breach will be delivered to the customer by any means Microsoft selects, including via email. Notification of a data breach will be delivered to the list of security contacts provided in Azure Defender, which can be configured by following the [implementation guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security-center/security-center-provide-security-contact-details). If contact information is not provided in Azure Defender, the notification is sent to one or more administrators in an Azure subscription. To ensure that notification can be successfully delivered, it is the customer's responsibility to ensure that the administrative contact information on each applicable subscription and online services portal is correct.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-215">A equipe do Microsoft Azure ou do Azure Governamental também pode optar por notificar equipes adicionais da Microsoft, como Atendimento ao Cliente (AC) e Gestor(es) de Contas (GC) ou Gestor(es) Técnico(s) de Contas (TC) do cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-215">The Microsoft Azure or Azure Government team may also elect to notify additional Microsoft personnel such as Customer Service (CSS) and the customer's Account Manager(s) (AM) or Technical Account Manager(s) (TAM).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-216">Essas pessoas geralmente mantêm um relacionamento próximo com o cliente e podem facilitar uma correção mais rápida.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-216">These individuals often have close relationships with the customer and can facilitate faster remediation</span></span>

## <a name="microsoft-dynamics-365-built-in-security-features"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-217">Recursos de segurança internos do Microsoft Dynamics 365</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-217">Microsoft Dynamics 365 built-in security features</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-p129">O Microsoft Dynamics 365 utiliza a infraestrutura de serviços na nuvem e os recursos de segurança internos para proteger dados usando medidas e mecanismos de segurança. Além disso, o Dynamics 365 fornece um acesso a dados eficiente e colaboração com privacidade e integridade de dados nas seguintes áreas: [identidade segura, proteção de dados, segurança baseada em função e gerenciamento de ameaças](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/security/dynamics365-security).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-p129">Microsoft Dynamics 365 takes advantage of the cloud service infrastructure and built-in security features to keep data safe using security measures and mechanisms to protect data. In addition, Dynamics 365 provides efficient data access and collaboration with data integrity and privacy in the following areas: [secure identity, data protection, role based security, and threat management](https://www.microsoft.com/trustcenter/security/dynamics365-security).</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-220">O Microsoft Dynamics 365 acompanha as mesmas medidas Técnicas e Organizacionais, uma ou mais equipes de serviços do Microsoft Azure assumem a proteção contra os processos de violação de dados.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-220">Microsoft Dynamics 365 offering follows the same Technical and Organizational measures one or more Microsoft Azure service teams take for securing against data breach processes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="3c99b-221">Portanto, qualquer informação documentada no documento de notificação “Violação de Dados do Microsoft Azure” aqui também é análoga ao serviço do Microsoft Dynamics 365.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-221">Therefore, any information documented in the 'Microsoft Azure Data Breach' notification document here is analogous to the Microsoft Dynamics 365 as well.</span></span>

## <a name="learn-more"></a><span data-ttu-id="3c99b-222">Saiba mais</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-222">Learn more</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="3c99b-223">Central de Confiabilidade da Microsoft</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="3c99b-223">Microsoft Trust Center</span></span>](https://www.microsoft.com/trust-center/privacy/gdpr-overview)
